# Jenn Plaza -Resume: Part 3 of Portfolio Project


The portfolio is a simple landing page with a project gallery and an about me section linking to an About page whom includes  contact information.  When the user goes to https://jenplaza.github.io/jennplaza/they will be able to find the mission statement by clicking on About from the navigational menu…

At the main page, https://jenplaza.github.io/jennplaza/ the Design provides the user with branding, a navigational menu to the About and Resume page. The main section contains a Read More button, that when clicked, the user will be taken to https://jenplaza.github.io/jennplaza-aboutme/ that will provide the user with information about Jenn Plaza, the mission statement and contact information; this page is also reached by clicking on the About link from the navigation menu. The Resume page is reached by clicking on the navigational menu and from the About page My Resume link. The resume can be printed by clicking on the Print Me button. The image gallery displays available projects. This section will have its images justified and be evenly distributed in rows. The user will be able to scroll down to see all projects. Each image links to their public domain and will also include a Grid Title Bar that will have links to Jenn Plaza’s GitHub repository https://github.com/jenPlaza.  Portfolio Projects: Faith Specialty Plates, Parks2Go, Post It, Bike Shop, Music: Contact Form, Capstone. The Footer will provide the user with a smaller blurb about Jenn Plaza, contact info, and social media links to connect with her. 

For this website, I need to develop 3 pages, Home, About, Resume. I will be using HTML for content, CSS for styling, and JavaScript for forms and navigational buttons. I will combine Html and CSS styling to validate forms. I will be using react image galleries to showcase my projects and bootstrap and material UI as my framework libraries.

The website will be accessible for multiple device sizes 360-2000 px.  It will be designed with the mobile first approach and then work its way up in size. Once the website is running the site will be published on GitHub’s pages and available to all to see.
